Good morning! Elizabeth speaking. How can I help you?
Hello! I have a problem with my internet connection.
Is the problem related to the phone number you’re calling me from?
No, it’s not. The problem is on my Vodafone router. The one that has a SIM card in it.
A Vodafone Sim card. Do you know the number for that card?
No, I don't.
Will I find the number on the same account that your current phone number is registered to? Or is it a rechargeable SIM card?
Honestly I don’t know. The number is registered to a company. I can give you all the information related to that company, if it helps you.
The company’s registration number, please.
It’s R-O-1-2.
1-2.
3-4-5.
Yes
6-7
When was this issue first encountered?
Sometime yesterday afternoon there was a power outage and since then it hasn’t been working at all.
Is it dead, or?
The light on the router turned red.
OK!
Usually, the light stayed blue when the internet was working.
Let’s check together to see what’s the problem.
OK! 
What was the registered company name?
Automotive Repairs International.
I see! Mister Jack, are you the administrator of that company?
Yes, I am.
OK then! I see that multiple internet subscriptions are registered on this account. They all appear to be terminated. Did you make any requests for closing these subscriptions? They are all closed right now, it appears.
I think so. This is the problem, then?
Most likely.
I haven’t received, I really don’t know, any confirmation for closing them or any notification as to when they are supposed to be terminated.
Haven’t you been notified by your accountant specialist?
I can’t remember.
Ok then!
I can’t remember.
Just a bit.
I remember sending an e-mail for renegotiating my contract. I then proceeded to have a phone call and after that I can’t remember anything. I really can’t remember what happened next, but it’s possible that I’ve requested a cancelation.
It appears as such! Did you request cancelation for all the phone numbers associated with your account or just for a single one?
I need to check my e-mail to see exactly what happened.
Here it says that you’ve made your request on the 4th day of February. Most likely, after 30 days your subscription was terminated. That’s the way our policy handles such requests. After 30 days have passed the corresponding subscription is canceled automatically. Right now, your subscriptions show as terminated and every number associated with them.
Yeah.
If you wish to reactivate your subscription we can check and see what we need to do in order to do it. Right now, everything shows as deactivated in our system.
So that’s the problem, then. OK! Thank you and sorry to bother you!
No such thing. Is there any problem or any requests I might help you with?
No. There’s nothing right now. No.
All right then! If that’s everything I would gladly ask you to stay for a little while, if you don’t mind.
Sure!
I’d like to inform you that in approximately 24 hours you’ll be contacted by our robot, Andreea. Following this call a feedback survey will be generated automatically. If you consider that I’ve helped you solve your problem starting from the first call you can submit your rating there.
No, thank you.
All right. Thank you and have a nice day!
Good day! Bye, bye!
